So first, let's take a look at the project that we are going to be building.
This is a minimal Twitter clone,
and if you want to play around with it yourself,
you can come to this URL right here.
So basically, what we have here is a timeline,
and these are all the tweets on your timeline.
You can make a new tweet by coming to this view.
We'll make a new tweet here and submit that,
and then that will show up on our timeline.
You can like any of the tweets and you can also click on a tweet in order to reply to it,
so you'll notice here that this tweet has two different replies.
If we want to make another one we just simply compose a new tweet on this tweet page.
Now this tweet has another reply,
and we can like their replies,
we can even make replies to the replies.
So technically, these replies are infinitely deep because we
can just keep replying to different replies,
and that's essentially it.
What's interesting about this application is it
really benefits from using Redux because in a lot of the different views that we have,
we're sharing the same state.
So for example, when we make a new tweet,
that tweet is eventually going to show up on our main timeline,
but also what's happening is when we like a tweet from this view,
when we go into the actual tweet view
for this specific tweet we still need to see that like.
Whenever we make a new response then what needs to happen is this counter is incremented,
and also this counter is incremented on the main page as well.
So in basically every single one of the views that we have in this application,
we're needing to reference at least a part of our Redux store,
which means Redux is a pretty good use case for this specific project.